Yoga wrote a two-pointer the items as of
yesterday a brahmacari opera kraja
yamaha jameson on real violence
truthfulness refrain from stealing
celibacy and renunciation of unnecessary
persistence roadie Sade Yama Yama's like
moral rules of them hasta yoga system
non-violence sister first Igor stats
many commentator says that that's that
is most important classical that it's if
I'd if I kind of skipped that I'm cruel
to other living beings human or
non-human by eating eating need meeting
their bodies then actually that blocks
the understanding so this is kind of
first thing to do try to become non
violent towards the other living beams
it wasn't kids I